Docs: Convert to ReadTheDocs (#32)
openSUSE/orthos2: docs/adminguide.rst

.. _admin-guide:

*********************
Administrator`s Guide
*********************

> These pages are partly very technical, you should read the user guide before and to have understood the basic concept of
> Orthos and what the goal of Orthos. Describes how to create and administrate groups and users, architecures, domains,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pages are partly very technical. You should read the User Guide before and to have understood the basic concept and the goals of Orthos. 

This document describes how to create and administrate groups and users, architectures, domains,
```
